DIS 3.1.16 & 3.1.17 Release Notes (#5691)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/DIS/DIS_3.1.md

# DIS 3.1

## DIS 3.1.17

### New features

#### IDE

##### New Tasks and DoD hyperlinks added to publish bar and version history editor [ID 44335]

> The top bar in the editor window now contains a hyperlink named **Tasks**, which, when clicked, will open a browser tab listing the tasks mentioned in the version history of the current version (if any).

Author: ```suggestion
The top bar in the editor window now contains a hyperlink named **Tasks**, which, when clicked, will open a browser tab for each task mentioned in the version history of the current version (if any).
```
